City of Wonder Wall Manager
Current Version: 0.6 ALPHA

This script is still in development. Please check back for updates and bug fixes.

Note: I am not a JavaScript Developer, this was more a fun project to introduce myself to it a little more and understand the threading models etc. There are probably lot better ways to accomplish what I have done and any constructive feedback is welcome.
Introduction

So if you have played City of Wonder for more than 10 min you realize how chatty this game is. It really likes to post stuff up to share with your friends for almost everything you do. These posts can get a bit overwhelming to deal with when you have a lot allies and friends playing the game.

Running City of Wonder Wall Manager

Open your browser to http://www.facebook.com/

In the bottom left hand corner you will see a small black box, this is the City of Wonder Wall Manager "Control Panel". Here you can see its current status, scan for new posts, or configure the script.

Scanning Posts

Right now this is a manual process, to run a scan and collect bonuses and assist building marvels click the Scan Now link in the control panel. Clicking this link will scan all currently visible posts for City of Wonder Bonus or Marvel Assistance Posts and take appropriate action for each.

Bonuses Collected and Marvels Assisted will be skipped next run.

Current Status

Here you can see what the current running status of the CoW Wall Manager is doing.
When nothing is going on you will see a status of Idle.
Other statuses which are self explanitory are Running and Loading.

Options

To access the options panel click the Title [Cow Scanner] in the control panel.

You should notice a small window open in the middle of your screen. Here you can change the current options of the Cow Manager.

* Auto Expand More Posts

When you have multiple posts from a single user or application on your page Facebook will sometimes put up a like that says 'See X more Posts from Y'. The Cow Wall Manager can automatically click that link expanding to show more posts.

* Like Marvels Assisted Building

As it sounds when you assist on building a marvel the Cow Wall Manager will click the "Like" link letting the other user know you assisted.

Road Map

* Autorun

Select an interval via the options screen and have the CoW Wall Manager peroidally scan based on user options.

* Updated Reporting

Update Status reports to include total statistics and last run statistics

* Upgrade Notification

Notify users when a new version is available and offer the ability to upgrade

* Validate Collected Bonuses and Marvel's Assisted Building

My fear is this will drastically slow down performance but would allow for accurate reporting and status updates. There appears to be a limit of how many of each type of bonus you can collect a day. With this feature we could save some bonuses for the next day if the limit is reached. Still researching full information on bonus collection cool downs. There is also rumor of a Marvel assistance daily cap as well. Still collecting data to verify.

Changelog
0.6 Alpha

    * Enable option to mark "Like" on Bonus Collection
    * Modified Include and Exclude Meta Data as a quick hack to prevent loading on other pages (Better implementation coming soon)